docs: fix psk secret cmd (#9524)
coder/coder: docs/admin/provisioners.md

   secret

   ```shell

>    kubectl create secret generic coder-provisioner-psk --from-literal=psk=$(openssl rand -base64 32)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl create secret generic coder-provisioner-psk --from-literal=psk=`head /dev/urandom | base64 | tr -dc A-Za-z0-9 | head -c 26`
```

Reviewer: running the random bytes through `base64` encoding before feeding them to `tr` seems to clear up the issue for me

Author: @spikecurtis yeah I'm on macOS. adding the `base64` encoding clears it up for me as well. my fish shell was not liking the backticks, but they work fine on bash.
